every child has a fairy born just
for them tinker's bell was born for you
it's just about
she's in a hurry to grow up
he dreams of exploring new lands who are
these dirty vagabonds
and what have they done with my children
this is the untold story
of a brother and sister two kindred
adventurers
wait for me our alice and
how is he he's still the boss
the lost boy is at your service
[Music]
girls fingernails are black with dirt
we will make a lady of you yet
alice comes with me
rose you shall pay your debt
i need more time take me away
peter don't let life take you down you
just keep floating above it
and what are your names
we can all use a little extra carriage
now
[Music]
it's not time to grow our palace never
is peter
you'll see
[Applause]
[Music]
bye